oh my nose gnosis senorita looks like
you know what we're making today Albert
ah yes I believe we're making salsa so
we're going to start with our tomatoes
and for this Saul so we actually like to
use the roma tomatoes or Italian
Tomatoes because they're a lot meteor
and they have less moisture in them okay
so let's just start by cutting off both
ends perfect so we're going to take
slices like this just off so now what we
want to do just remove some of these
seeds this is your thumbs to work it out
we want to cut our tomato so it looks
just like this like a little cubes a
little cube so we're going to die sour
tomato ok we're going to stack two of
these tomatoes on top of each other okay
okay and then we're going to slice them
lengthwise was and then we're going to
exactly go across exactly the next
ingredient is some white onion oh ok so
I'm going to get you to peel it and
slice it so what we're going to do is
you're going to take the knife and
you're going to slide it horizontally
through the onion so what you need to
use your other hand to hold it okay it
has to be stable mm-hmm you want to cut
it horizontally mm-hmm and then
perpendicularly perpendicularly if you
can say the word and then across okay
okay so that's perfect i think that
looks like enough onion okay so we're
going to chop some garlic and we're
going to cut off the stem and take the
back of the knife and give it a good
crush okay and then the peel comes off
really easily chalk this very fine okay
because it's raw it's not getting cooked
there we go we're going to move on to
our next ingredient ah yes which is the
pepper the pepper and you know kind of
pepper we have here i believe it's
pronounced jalapa no clothes no
jalapenos okay hella penny oh well if
you're Spanish it's true so I'm gonna
get you to slice it right in half length
what yes exactly so you can see in here
the seeds and the pit which is the the
white segments there
inside so and that's where that's where
all the spice and heat or whatever you
call it is right exactly okay all right
so we want to chop this fairly fine try
to make them nice thin strips because
obviously the thinner you make them the
smaller your dice will be and never
forget we're using a knife so oh not all
fun and games well it is until you
listen to you as a finger there you go
last but not least have some weeds
they're tasty week let's Casey weeds
okay cilantro ah some people call it
coriander oh ok so we're going to chop
this fairly finely what kind of people
call it coriander pretentious people
thank you so what I like to do is just
take the cilantro and just fold it on
top of itself okay okay it just makes it
easier to chop and it gives you a bit of
more of a you know thick foundation to
chop you hey just yes so we've chopped
everything up yes we have and now we're
going to assemble you know it's
interesting I was look at this it's uh
it's red white and green which I believe
other colors of the Mexican flag I
believe you're right massage your lime
well I saw you do it first exactly it
actually gets the juices going oh really
it sort of breaks down the the fibers on
the inside of the lime and you're gonna
get way more juice that way come on baby
come on oh yeah you like it don't you
yeah you like it like that all right
sorry it's good it's all good my line is
very warm now I'm gonna cut mine in half
first let me just squeeze yeah so uh
what we're gonna do is we're to use a
fork some people have reamers in their
drawers which is a great thing to use to
get the juice out or if you have an
actual juicer but everyone has a fork so
why not just use it for right so forth
your lime you've been waiting the whole
segment to use that one haven't you yeah
that's the only reason we're using a
fork I'm glad for bad i'm glad we didn't
use a reamer and then you're gonna turn
the line again twist it a bit yeah and
it should all just come pouring out a
exactly my name put a little bit of
salty look so too much know what let's
mix it up
there we go so you can put it in the
refrigerator and let it sit for 30
minutes to an hour to just sort of let
all the flavors mingle and come together
or you can eat it right away just a
minute I need to get my sombrero hey I
can't enjoy salsa without looking like a
tacky tourist no you can't know mmm mmm
fresh juicy mmm blimey hmm hmm honey
easy completely easy Viva easy